# Igniting our App

Q1. What is npm?

Ans:  NPM is a repository which has all the libraries which we might need for building our web apps .It is one of the biggest package manager out there. It does not have a full form and does not stand for node package manager.( a common misconception out there).

Q2. Why do we need parcel/webpack? Why do we need it.

A parcel is bundler , its job is to optimise, minify,compress our code in order to make the code ready to be sent to production.

Q3. What is.parcel cache?

Parcel has a feature why allows us to have faster builds. It does that by caching our code. All that cache is than stored in a file called . parcel cache.

Q4. What is npx?

npx is bascially a command which is used to execute a package. It is similar to npm which is generally used to install or uninstall a package.

Q5.What is the difference between DevDependencies and Dependencies?

Dev dependencies are those dependencies which are generally required during development . While Dependency are those dependencies which are used in production as well .

Q6. What is Tree Shaking?

Tree Shaking is the process of removing  unused code. Parcel do tree shaking.

Q7.What is Hot Module Replacement?

HMR is the process of updating modules without reloading the page. Parcel has this as a feature.

Q8. List down 5 superpowers of Parcel ? Describe it in your own words.

super powers of parcel are the following:

 1. It is used to build development builds .

1. It allows us to setup a local server.
2. It has Hot Module Replacement. Updates modules without reloading the page.
3. Provides Faster Builds by caching . The cache is stored in .parcel-cache .
4. Image Optimisation
5. Bundling: Bundles our code .
6. MInification
7. Compress files
8. Consistent hashing
9. Code Splitting
10. Differential Bundling- So that we can support Older browsers.
11. Diagonistics
12. Good Error Handling
13. HTTps
14. Tree Shaking- Remove unused code
15. Different build for production and development.
16. Has a  File Watching Algorithm using C++.

Q 9. What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?

The files  which can be regenerated with a command must not be sent to git . Such files are added in. gitignore. As the name suggest git ignore such files.

Q10. What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json?

Package. json keeps an approx version of dependencies while package -lock .json file  keeps the record of the exact version of dependencies.

Q 11.Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?

As package-lock. json file maintains the exact version of the packages in this file to make sure, everyone has the same version of packages installed on their computers so that it works perfectly fine on all computers.

Q12.- What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?

Node modules is like a database which fetches all the code of all the dependencies we use in our app.

It’s a bad idea to puch it into git as it can be regenerated using package.json and package-lock.json.

Q13. - What is the `dist` folder?

When we execute the command to make a production build in parcel , parcel minifies , compress our whole code and store it in a folder. That folder is called dist folder.

Q 14. What is browserlists?

It is dependency of  a parcel i.e package which when configured makes are app compatible for all old browsers.